Oh dorita to Maui Oh Katya Isabelle
impaired all these women look gorgeous
and elegant at any age so they have to
know some kind of ultimate beauty secret
right nope they're just following a
couple of simple and quick beauty
guidelines you can follow to say no to
contouring contouring takes over the
world these days but French girls aren't
that into it
French beauty is all about showing the
natural features of the face not hiding
them and drawing new ones maybe you
should try going contour free to a
little bronzer on the cheeks for a fresh
and shiny look doesn't count
embrace your imperfections take a closer
look at French women style it's kind of
effortless and even a bit messy right
they don't style their hair that much
choose on popular vintage accessories
and don't make obvious outfit choices
and that's exactly why you can't take
your eyes off of them they don't care
about putting it all together correctly
they stay natural and free and have one
little secret
perfection is boring choose red lips if
you're looking for a quick way to
upgrade your look take it from French
women and put your favorite red lipstick
on there's nothing this baby can't fix
and women from Paris know that pretty
well whether you wear a pastel dress
with an elegant hat or rock torn jeans
with a plain white tee red lipstick will
make you look feminine chic and fabulous
go for a simple manicure crazy colored
nails or even the style that we for some
reason call French manicure are too much
for French women they love to stay
natural remember so anything that takes
way too much time or money is a no-go
most women from France prefer to keep
their nails short and use a clear polish
or no polish at all to make them look
good the same rule applies for pedicures
by the way
stop damaging your hair all these hair
dryers and flat irons destroy the
structure of your hair big-time
French women know this and choose to
splurge on expensive hair products
instead nourishing hair masks here is
sento oil they're a great hairbrush made
of natural materials and your hair looks
amazing without any styling women of
france have one hair styling trick
though they wash their hair let it dry
naturally can style it the next day when
it becomes perfectly smooth improve the
quality of your sleep believe it or not
the pillow you sleep on can really
affect your skin and hair and if you
want this effect to be good
follow French women's footsteps and buy
yourself a silk pillow gets completely
hypoallergenic so it helps your skin
keep its natural moisture through the
night moreover sleeping on a silk pillow
can reduce your wrinkles and make your
skin smooth your hair gets its dose of
benefits too silks natural properties
can stop the friction of your hair say
goodbye to split ends keep your makeup
bag light most women's makeup bags are
unmet numerous lipsticks contour sticks
highlighters and eyeshadow palettes
French women on the other hand only
carry the essentials of course a light
foundation and a powder are a must they
make your skintone perfect women from
France
don't reapply the powder every hour
though they prefer to let their natural
skin shine through French eye makeup
needs a thin layer of mascara on the
lashes but you can always spice it up
with a quick smoky eye for the evening
and finally two lipsticks one from the
natural nude look and a red one for a
crazy night out
use your perfume correctly Coco Chanel
once said a woman should wear perfume
wherever she wants to be kissed and
French ladies followed this simple tip
of course they never forget about the
neck and the wrists but they know how to
get creative with it for example you can
see a French woman spraying a little bit
of her favorite scent on her pillow or
into her suitcase to make sure that
clothes will smell nice after a long
trip plus they rarely change their
perfume they pick the one they like and
make it their own signature smell
splurge on a good haircut French
beauties follow one simple principle you
can wear $10 clothes and nobody will
ever know but get a cheap haircut and
your look will instantly be ruined most
of them are ready to pay a fortune for a
good hairstylist who knows how to make
their hair look amazing not a bad idea
right plus a skilled hairstylist will
give you a haircut that doesn't need any
special fixing except for fancy events
imagine how much time you'll save stick
to a simple skincare routine another
thing French women spend tons of money
on is skincare products less is more is
very true motto so they don't need much
just a good face cleanser sunscreen and
moisturizer they also enjoy using
essential oils for the face body and
hair however one thing you definitely
won't find on their nightstand is skin
peels instead they use different kinds
of masks before they go to bed to
restore and rejuvenate the skin after a
long day
give yourself facial massages regular
facial massages can completely transform
your skin if you don't have to go to
pricy beauty salons for that here's what
French ladies do whenever they apply a
moisturizer and you should do it both in
the morning and in the evening they
gently press the heels of their hands
along their jawline and up towards the
ears then you can go for the apples of
your cheeks right to your temples using
your fingertips and lastly draw a line
from your eyebrows to your hairline for
a final touch
leave your eyebrows alone it's hard to
find a French woman with heavy and
unnaturally dark eyebrows drawing them
for half an hour just isn't their thing
they'd much rather spend this time
taking care of them so they'll look
healthy big and thick on their own a
couple of drops of essential oil regular
homemade masks consistency patience and
bam your brows are perfect that's why
the only thing French ladies put on
their brows is a styling gel
forget about strict diets women from
France have their own opinion about hot
new diets sure losing a couple of extra
pounds is cool but the lack of vitamins
and minerals can make your system weaker
this doesn't mean that they eat whatever
though their secret to having a
beautiful body is eating a little you
want a chocolate bar good but not too
much your system craves a burger buy it
but don't go crazy with it
according to French eating philosophy
you can basically eat anything you want
just stop right away when you feel full
the only strong restriction French
ladies follow is less sugar to keep the
skin healthy try cold showers want to
keep your skin fresh and young looking
French women have an answer for that
cold showers first you have to get in a
hot bath light some scented candles
relax and enjoy yourself but after that
it's time for a cold shower this combo
will stimulate your blood circulation
and keep your skin toned instantly
taking care of the problem zones on your
body just don't forget to use a
moisturizer afterwards work on your
confidence French women aren't fans of
plastic surgery so you won't find many
women with fake noses cheekbones or lips
on the streets of Paris they accept
themselves as they are flaws and all and
let their unique appearance shine
that's the main secret of their
enigmatic charm and charisma after all
if you don't believe in your own beauty
who will don't try to follow stupid and
unrealistic beauty standards create your
own do you have any helpful beauty hacks
of your own tell me in the comments
below don't forget to give this video a
like share it with your friend and click
Subscribe stay on the bright side